[CQA] Shorten abstracts in Provisioning Hosts (#4954)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/con_preparing-templates-for-provisioning.adoc

= Preparing templates for provisioning

[role="_abstract"]
You can customize the provisioning process without editing the default provisioning templates.

> You can affect provisioning with host parameters and add custom steps by creating custom `pre` or `post` snippets.

Reviewer: Maybe "customized" in favor of "affect"?

Author: That would be a little repetitive. How about 

```suggestion
You can define host parameters and add custom steps by creating custom `pre` or `post` snippets.
```

Reviewer 2: "influence" instead of "affect"? :)
